Do you really want to kill me now?
Don't worry.
Let me finish with a few questions.
How to delay your time is bad.
But because I'm here
Nature is fully prepared.
This needle goes down 10 minutes and dies.
Anyway.
You're going to die here today.
Ten minutes is enough.
Ask what you want to ask before you die.
I heard that when Fu Siyan was young, he lived in a slum.
Not enough to eat, not warm.
You're a young girl
I happened to walk through the slums once.
Helped Bosyan at the time.
Invite him to a meal.
What does it have to do with you?
I'm just curious what you're doing in the slums.
How do you know if you were being bullied by someone else?
I've been hungry for days.
Or maybe it's all been arranged a long time ago.
Just waiting for the beautiful actress to save the hero.
Your question is stupid.
Of course I knew he was the Silver family's son.
Okay, time's up.
Should get you on your way.
Burn her for five times 10 million.
Haha.
Beauty, it's not up to me.
I can only say.
Your life is not good.
If the body is burned
The mission will be interrupted.
I'm never coming back.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I'm dead this time.
Stop!